Fine Tuning 2023 Release (#791)
RoboCupAtHome/RuleBook: scoresheets/Receptionist.tex

	\scoreheading{Main Goal}
	\scoreitem[2]{250}{Introduce a new guest to every other guest and offer a seat}
	\scoreitem{50}{Look at the person talking}

> 	\scoreitem{50}{Look at the person the robot is introducing the guest to}

Reviewer: I think this wording works better for clarity
```suggestion
	\scoreitem{50}{Look at the person the robot is talking to}
```
